Add announcement blog - Adding Spice (#74)
spiceai/blog: content/posts/project/adding-spice.md

---
date: 2024-03-28
title: 'Adding Spice - The Next Generation of Spice.ai OSS'
type: blog
linkTitle: 'Adding Spice'
author: Phillip LeBlanc ([@phillipleblanc](https://twitter.com/phillipleblanc))
categories: [spiceai]
tags: [spiceai, data, infra, oss, rust]
---

> **TL;DR:** We rebuilt [Spice.ai OSS](https://github.com/spiceai/spiceai) from the ground up in Rust, as a unified SQL query interface and portable runtime to locally materialize, accelerate, and query data tables sourced from any database, data warehouse or data lake. Learn more at [github.com/spiceai/spiceai](https://github.com/spiceai/spiceai).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**TL;DR:** We've rebuilt [Spice.ai OSS](https://github.com/spiceai/spiceai) from the ground up in Rust, as a unified SQL query interface and portable runtime to locally materialize, accelerate, and query datasets sourced from any database, data warehouse or data lake. Learn more at [github.com/spiceai/spiceai](https://github.com/spiceai/spiceai).
```
